docs: egressgw: document incompatibility with Clustermesh (#27918)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/egress-gateway.rst

you must use Kubernetes as Cilium's identity store (``identityAllocationMode``
set to ``crd``). This is the default setting for new installations.

> Egress gateway is not compatible with Clustermesh. The gateway selected by an

Reviewer: We refer to clustermesh a couple of different ways in the docs, but I believe the most common is `Cluster Mesh`.

```suggestion
Egress gateway is not compatible with Cluster Mesh. The gateway selected by an
```

Author: :+1: , fixed up.

@cilium/sig-clustermesh maybe y'all want to harmonize the remaining occurrences in the Docs?
